Update contributing notes for dev/testing (#574)
ansible/ansible_collections_azure: CONTRIBUTING.md

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

## Environment setup

> Being able to run tests requires an account or service principal with permission (typically Owner) in your Azure subscription.

Reviewer: Is it necessary to have owner on an entire subscription? In my test environment I have created two Resource Groups that are dedicated for just Ansible development and testing, and I gave my configured SP the Owner role only at the scope of those two RGs. However I have not run all of the different tests, only the ones targeting modules I was directly opening PRs for, so I don't know if the more targeted scopes really are sufficient or not. For a contributing guide I would think it should be the minimum necessary permissions.

Author: You're correct: the permission does not need to be on the whole subscription. I will update and clarify it would only need to be Owner on the resource groups.

> 1. Prepare the Azure configuration file at `tests/integration/cloud-config-azure.ini`, a template of which is available in [the Ansible repo](https://github.com/ansible/ansible/blob/23a84902cb9599fe958a86e7a95520837964726a/test/lib/ansible_test/config/cloud-config-azure.ini.template). Populate your appropriate credential and resource group information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Prepare the Azure configuration file at `tests/integration/cloud-config-azure.ini`, a template of which is available in [the Ansible repo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ansible/ansible/devel/test/lib/ansible_test/config/cloud-config-azure.ini.template). Populate your appropriate credential and resource group information.
```

Would it potentially be better to link to the main branch's copy of the file instead of a link to a static commit?

Author: I prefer permalinks in case the file is ever moved or updated.
